First Floor Underground Open Mic
First floor underground is back with back to back open mic where the funniest comedians in the city perform and test their jokes. Even you can participate and find out the hidden comedian in you.
Hummingbird Training Infrastructure Pvt Ltd: Pune,
Shop No. 105, Town Square Shopping Center, Mhada Colony, Viman Nagar, Pune, Maharashtra 411014, India
Sat 04 Aug, 08:00 PM

Barkha Ritu - Musical Celebration With Maestros
ARTISTS
Ustad Rashid Khan, Rakesh Chaurasia
Barkha Ritu, an endeavor to celebrate the most awaited and cherished season of the year. Banyan Tree initiated the annual Barkha Ritu festival in the year 2002 in Mumbai, since then this festival has given music lovers across India a rich cultural experience of the monsoon ragas. Now, in its 17th year, Barkha Ritu is the only national thematic classical music festival presenting the beauty of the monsoons in a musical interpretation.
Bal Gandharva Rang Mandir: Pune,
Bal Gandharva Rang Mandir, J M Road, Pune, Maharashtra 411005, India.
Ustad Rashid KhanUSTAD RASHID KHAN
From the Rampur-Sahaswan gharana Ustad Rashid Khan is the great-grandson of gharana founder Inayat Hussain Khan. He has been awarded the Padma Shri, as well as the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 2006. The brilliant Inayat Hussain drut and medium pace khayals ring as true in his voice as they have done down the ages. He is also a master of the tarana like his guru but sings them in his own manner, preferring the khayal style rather than the instrumental stroke-based style for which Nissar Hussain was famous. There is no imitation of instrumental tone in them either. His vocal prowess is in the best tradition of the Rampur Sahaswan gharana. His mastery of all aspects including tonal variations, dynamics and timbre adjustment leave very little to be desired in the realm of voice culture.

Rakesh ChaurasiaRAKESH CHAURASIA
Rakesh Chaurasia, the nephew and child prodigy of flute maestro Pandit Hariprasad Chaurasia, has carved a niche for himself, as an accomplished flautist. Incorporating the tradition of his renowned uncle and infusing his personal style, he has evolved a form of music which while maintaining the purity of the flute manages to capture the attention of the young listeners too.

Rakesh's flute has matched note and rhythm with wind instruments of other cultures as well as having performed 'jugalbandis' with Carnatic and world famous instrumentalists. His forte is in blending his flute without really losing its identity in mixed instruments concerts. Rakesh has already globe trotted many times over, enthralling audiences at classical and non-classical concerts. He is also an accomplished studio musician having recorded with most of the leading stalwarts of the Indian film industry.

Rakesh has been the recipient of numerous awards and accolades. He received the Indian Music Academy Award, presented by the Honourable President of India, Dr. A.P.J Abdul Kalam in 2007, the Aditya Birla Kalakiran Puraskar in 2008, the Guru Shishya Award in 2011, IWAP-Pandit Jasraj Sangeet Ratna Award in 2013 and the Pannalal Ghosh Puraskar 2013. He has regularly appeared in prominent festivals such as the WOMAD festival in Athens, Womad Earthstation in Europe, the 'Festivals of India' in Russia, Japan, USA, and Europe, Festival of Saint-Denis in Paris and the Leicester International Music Festival in England.

surnburn
It is Asia's largest music festival. The festival is an amalgamation of Music, Entertainment, Food and Shopping, and was ranked by CNN in 2009 as one of the Top 10 Festivals in world.[1] The Festival is organized by Percept company owned by Shailendra Singh. Spread over 4 days, the festival has multiple stages with artists playing simultaneously.[2]
Venue
Oxford Golf Resort: Pune
Mumbai-Bangalore Highway, Next to Crystal Honda Showroom, Bavdhan, Pune, Maharashtra 411045, India.
Sunburn Festival 2018EDM | English | Age 15+
Book Now
29 Dec , Sat  Oxford Golf Resort: Pune | ₹1999 Onwards.





Swar Milap
ARTISTS
Ustad Amjad Ali Khan, Shubha Mudgal, Prasant Samadhar
On the occasion of Late Girija Devi's 89th birthday, Morya Entertainment presents Swar Milap a classical event featuring Amjad Ali Khan, Shubha Mudgal and Prasant Samadar on one stage. They are performing after a long time in Pune, giving a mesmerising feel of classical and semi-classical music.
USTAD AMJAD ALI KHAN
Ustad Amjad Ali Khan was born Masoom Ali Khan in Gwalior, to Hafiz Ali Khan and Rahat Jahan. His father, Hafiz was also an eminent musician in the court of the royal family of Gwalior. Amjad belongs to the Bangash lineage and is the sixth generation of musicians. His great grandfather Ghulam Bandagi Khan Bangash, a soldier of fortune, came from Afghanistan with the instrument rabab and was inducted into the army of the maharaja of Rewa. The king was so impressed by his talent that he took him under his wing and Ghulam Ali was trained under Ustads Pyare Khan and Jafar Khan Saheb, both rabab players and direct descendants of Mian Tansen. Soon Amjad's grandfather Nanhe Khan and father Hafiz Ali Khan, continued the family legacy of the dhrupad and rabibiya tradition and kept improving and altering the rabab, until it became the modern Sarod. Amjad started playing sarod at the age of five but his perception of music developed at the age of three. 
Amjad grew up in a joint family in a house that also included his father's disciples who lived with them as was the tradition in those days. He was the youngest child from his fathers second marriage. Amjad's cousins and siblings could not measure up to his father's expectations who then pinned his hopes on Amjad as the one who would carry on the family legacy, as a result of which he could not enjoy his childhood. The look of joy and pride in his mother's eyes as she encouraged and reminded him of his father's hopes and dreams is what kept Amjad going. He became the breadwinner for the family at a young age, and though circumstances would be financially tough at times, Amjad never stopped his mother from her passion of helping the underprivileged. He got his first big break as a child at the age of 11 in Calcutta at the traditional Sadarang Music conference along with his father and other illustrious musicians. In 1957 at the mere age of 12, Amjad Ali Khan gave his first solo recital and was also the first in his family to receive formal education at Modern school, Delhi. He was in his final year when he left to accompany a troupe of musicians to the US and never looked back.
Amjad Ali Khan has had a successful career spanning over 40 years. He is married to Subhalakshmi, a Bharatanatyam dancer and they have two sons, Amaan and Ayaan, both renowned musicians who often give performances with their father. The family resides in New Delhi, while their Gwalior home has been transformed into a musical center.

Shubha MudgalSHUBHA MUDGAL
Shubha Mudgalhas been trained by some of the finest musicians and musicologists in India. Born into a musically-dedicated family and trained by eminent scholar-musician-composer Pandit Ramashreya Jha Ramrang, she also received guidance from Pandit Vinaya Chandra Maudgalya and Pandit Vasant Thakar. She later learnt stylistic techniques from maestros Pandit Jitendra Abhisheki and Pandit Kumar Gandharva. She also received training in thumri from Smt. Naina Devi and is thus a versatile and popular performer.

In addition to being a performer, Shubha Mudgal is also recognised as a composer. She is the recipient of numerous awards including the Padma Shri in 2000, and the Gold Plaque Award for Special Achievement in Music at the 34th Chicago International Film Festival, 1998, and the Yash Bharati Samman from the Government of Uttar Pradesh in 2015.

She has also been closely involved with several projects related to music education in India. Formerly a member of the Central Advisory Board of Education constituted by the Government of India, Shubha also chaired a focus group discussing the need for introducing an arts education program in mainstream school education during the National Curriculum Framework 2005. Shubha Mudgal was also a Nana Shirgaokar Visiting Research Professor for traditional music at Goa University.

Prasant SamadharPRASANT SAMADHAR
Prasant Samadhar is the 1st young artist from Bengal who was invited by the Late President R. Venkatram and Late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi to perform at the Mugal Garden in Rashtrapati Bhavan. He has also given vocal support to Bharat Ratna Pandit Bhimsen Joshi for almost 18 years. He has produced many students like Arijit Singh, Shreya Ghoshal etc. and has sung in many Bollywood films like Fiza, Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, Taal and many more.





Parallel Lines
ARTISTS
Vinayak Chittar, Pandit Venkatesh Kumar, Abhishek Borkar, TM Krishna
Parallel Lines, a two-day festival of the finest Indian classical vocal and instrumental music is being presented by First Edition Arts in association with Shuddhanaad of Pune at the Shakuntala Jagannath Shetty Auditorium, C/o Karnataka High School, Erandwane, Pune. 
The festival features 4 stellar musicians and accompanying artistes from different parts of the country including Dharwad, Goa, Bhilai, Chennai and Pune. 
August 4
We begin on Day one at 5 pm with the very mature and refined sitar recital by Vinayak Chittar. He will be accompanied by Parthasarathi Mukherjee on tabla. 
TEA Break 6.40 pm to 7pm
7 pm to 8.30 pm: Vocal recital by Pt. Venkatesh Kumar. Bharat Kamat on tabla and Suyog Kundalkar on harmonium. 
8.30 pm to 8.45 pm Interval 
8.45 pm to 10 pm: Second part of Pt. Venkatesh Kumars recital. 
August 5
We begin at 5 pm with a sarod recital by Abhishek Borkar. He will be accompanied by Pt. Ramdas Palsule on tabla. 
TEA BREAK at 6.30 pm
7 pm to 9.45 pm (NO interval)
A Carnatic vocal recital by the renowned Carnatic vocalist TM Krishna accompanied by Akkarai Subhalakshmi (violin), Praveen Sparsh (mridangam) and BS Purushotham (Kanjira).
Smt Shakuntala Jagannath Shetty Auditorium: Pune,
C/O Karnatak High School, Mehendale Garage, Erandwane, Ganesh Nagar, Pune, Maharashtra 411004, India



Virsaa With SANAM Again
The Westin: Pune,
36/3-B, Koregaon Park Annexe, Mundhawa Road, Ghorpadi, Pune, Maharashtra 411001, India
ARTISTS
SANAM
Guess what? SANAM is back again on public demand!

#VirsaaWithSanam was a Blockbuster with 5000+ crowd, at "The Westin" Pune (Koregaon Park) on 19th August'17. The most promising fabulous four, Band SANAM, is ready to perform live and loud. From the past impressive performance in Pune, the public was mesmerized by their melodious songs.

Make memorable experiences with your friends on this Friendship Day Eve watching SANAM live at The Westin Pune. This popular pop-rock band has taken the country by storm having over 4 Million+ Subscribers on YouTube. 

Grab your tickets now. Ready! Steady! Go!

Punes Biggest Friendship day Party is here!!!

A special Friendship day edition to fill the night with joy and music on the occasion of Friendship Day this year. 

The Westin ballroom converting into a pop night which starts from 9 p.m. and will continue for 6 hours with non-stop music, feeding both your mind and soul. 

The Friendship day bash specially organized will have 4 artists, who will be performing scintillating music in the ballroom with pumping beats.

Get ready for the only happening plan in the town for friendship day!



BhaDiPa's Secret Marathi Stand-Up at Nomad, Aundh.
ARTISTS
Nipun Dharmadhikari, Omkar Rege, Sushant Ghadge, Savani Vaze, Shravan Nalgirkar, Divya Kharnare, Darpan Sonawale, Shreya Kajrolkar
BhaDiPa's SMS - Secret Marathi Stand-Up is a curated Marathi Stand-up show featuring the best Marathi Comics at the one and only Nomad Lounge, Aundh, Pune. 

A Hilarious evening features performances from BhaDiPa's Omkar Rege, Sushant Ghadge, Darpan Sonawale, Shreya Kajrolkar, Shravan Nalgirkar, Divya Kharnare, Savani Vaze and the main act of the night, Nipun Dharmadhikari. 
Nomad The Lounge Bar: Aundh,
101, First Floor, Centriole Mall, Above Starbucks, ITI Rd, Anand Park, Aundh, Pune, Maharashtra 411007, India

Come early to get the best seats. No video or flash photography is allowed.




Gaata Rahe Mera Dil
Yashwantrao Chavan Natyagruha: Pune,
Near Shivaji Statue, Karve Road, Kothrud, Pune, Maharashtra 411038, India
ARTISTS
Pravin Gokhale, Madhura Datar, Dhawal Chandwadkar, Prashant Naseri
Gaata Rahe Mera Dil is a Tribute to great singers Kishore Kumar & Lata Mangeshkar. It is a musical show presented by the renowned Director Mr. Pravin Gokhale
and produced by Farmaishein.

This show will present songs sung by Kishore Kumar and Lata Mangeshkar from various Hindi films and
the narrative will be presented by Renowned Cinema Journalist Mr.Mangesh Waghmare



Hits Of R.D. Burman, Rajesh Khanna & Amitabh Bachchan
ARTISTS
Melody Makers
International Artists - MELODY MAKERS Thank All Music Lovers and Fans for their Blessings and Support in Helping us achieve yet another milestone - unparalleled 57 years in the Field of Entertainment. As we enter the 58th year, we present yet another Grand Event - Hits of R.D.Burman, Rajesh Khanna & Amitabh Bachchan with 20 International Artists. Melody Makers is the only group to have performed live shows with all 3 - R.D.BURMAN, RAJESH KHANNA & AMITABH BACHCHAN. This special show will have Popular songs and Evergreen Hits of Music Maestros like S.D.Burman, Kalyanji Anandji and Laxmikant Pyarelal apart from the foot tapping Hits of R.D.Burman which were filmed on the 2 Superstars - Rajesh Khanna & Amitabh Bachhan.
Bal Gandharva Rang Mandir: Pune,
Bal Gandharva Rang Mandir, J M Road, Pune, Maharashtra 411005, India